c:\users\oliver\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Battlestar Invader\Battlestar\bin\Debug\Battlestar.dll
c:\users\oliver\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Battlestar Invader\Battlestar\bin\Debug\Battlestar.pdb
c:\users\oliver\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Battlestar Invader\Battlestar\bin\Debug\Battlestar.pri
c:\users\oliver\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Battlestar Invader\Battlestar\bin\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.dll
c:\users\oliver\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Battlestar Invader\Battlestar\bin\Debug\Screen.dll
c:\users\oliver\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Battlestar Invader\Battlestar\bin\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.dll
c:\users\oliver\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Battlestar Invader\Battlestar\bin\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.dll
c:\users\oliver\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Battlestar Invader\Battlestar\bin\Debug\SharpDX.dll
c:\users\oliver\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Battlestar Invader\Battlestar\bin\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.dll
c:\users\oliver\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Battlestar Invader\Battlestar\bin\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.dll
c:\users\oliver\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Battlestar Invader\Battlestar\bin\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.dll
c:\users\oliver\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Battlestar Invader\Battlestar\bin\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.dll
c:\users\oliver\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Battlestar Invader\Battlestar\bin\Debug\Screen.pdb
c:\users\oliver\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Battlestar Invader\Battlestar\bin\Debug\Screen.pri
c:\users\oliver\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Battlestar Invader\Battlestar\bin\Debug\SharpDX.xml
c:\users\oliver\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Battlestar Invader\Battlestar\bin\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.xml
c:\users\oliver\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Battlestar Invader\Battlestar\bin\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.xml
c:\users\oliver\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Battlestar Invader\Battlestar\bin\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.xml
c:\users\oliver\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Battlestar Invader\Battlestar\bin\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.xml
c:\users\oliver\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Battlestar Invader\Battlestar\bin\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.xml
c:\users\oliver\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Battlestar Invader\Battlestar\bin\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.xml
c:\users\oliver\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Battlestar Invader\Battlestar\obj\Debug\Battlestar.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\oliver\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Battlestar Invader\Battlestar\obj\Debug\Battlestar.dll
c:\users\oliver\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Battlestar Invader\Battlestar\obj\Debug\Battlestar.pdb
c:\users\oliver\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Battlestar Invader\Battlestar\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml
c:\users\oliver\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Battlestar Invader\Battlestar\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles
c:\users\oliver\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Battlestar Invader\Battlestar\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles
c:\users\oliver\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Battlestar Invader\Battlestar\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles
c:\users\oliver\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Battlestar Invader\Battlestar\obj\Debug\LanguageQualifiers.txt
c:\users\oliver\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Battlestar Invader\Battlestar\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml.intermediate
c:\users\oliver\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Battlestar Invader\Battlestar\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\oliver\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Battlestar Invader\Battlestar\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\oliver\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Battlestar Invader\Battlestar\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles.intermediate
C:\Users\Oliver\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Battlestar Invader\Battlestar\bin\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.xml
F:\Workspace\BattlestarInvader\Battlestar\bin\Debug\Battlestar.dll
F:\Workspace\BattlestarInvader\Battlestar\bin\Debug\Battlestar.pdb
F:\Workspace\BattlestarInvader\Battlestar\bin\Debug\Battlestar.pri
F:\Workspace\BattlestarInvader\Battlestar\bin\Debug\Screen.dll
F:\Workspace\BattlestarInvader\Battlestar\bin\Debug\Screen.pdb
F:\Workspace\BattlestarInvader\Battlestar\bin\Debug\Screen.pri
F:\Workspace\BattlestarInvader\Battlestar\obj\Debug\Battlestar.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
F:\Workspace\BattlestarInvader\Battlestar\obj\Debug\Battlestar.dll
F:\Workspace\BattlestarInvader\Battlestar\obj\Debug\Battlestar.pdb
F:\Workspace\BattlestarInvader\Battlestar\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml
F:\Workspace\BattlestarInvader\Battlestar\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles
F:\Workspace\BattlestarInvader\Battlestar\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles
F:\Workspace\BattlestarInvader\Battlestar\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles
F:\Workspace\BattlestarInvader\Battlestar\obj\Debug\LanguageQualifiers.txt
